Paige you've done particularly well
you've won three medals at Junior World
Championships why did you go to Japan
the Japan Karen Association sent an
invite to by Kim's end and by concede
selected me to represent them and from
sprinters point of view over Japan
Karen's a real prestigious event and
says 420 you Armand red so you're at the
back there at the moment
yep why you at the back what are you
trying to do at the moment I'm drafting
off the other riders so getting a bit of
a slipstream so I'm putting less effort
in it's actually a longer track there so
it's actually fine to be at the back
with one left to go
I'm following the Olympic bronze
medalist Carly McCullough was she from
she's from Australia so you're right in
behind somebody who is a gun and you
just sit in there and you're gonna hold
your nerve what happened yeah so we
decided to take off with about a left
and a half half a lap to go sorry and
you know we just sat on hopefully tried
to pull her out but the white girls too
fast so she's at Japan can writer she
doesn't ride on the world circuit yet or
anything so it's really interesting that
they're so stronger there was it the
Aussies first time up there as well yes
festival international girls to ride and
Japan Karen no there was a young
Japanese or Asian girl there who I read
had won $100,000 u.s. yeah me and Rico
tell me about who is she did she make
you welcome yeah lovely girl absolutely
lovely and really made me feel at home
by um just being really welcoming making
sure that we had everything we needed
and yeah she won the Grand Prix last
year and that's held annually and that
means that she won $66,000 New Zealand
for one race for one race that's the one
you should start to yeah funny you say
that they actually keep that to the
local riders over there yes is it big
money involved in it tell us about the
beating on on you yeah so while we're
over there the bits
tripled for the Japan girls Ken racing
so that was really Kota you know what
sort of money are we talking not hundred
percent sure but annually it's about
eleven billion dollars eleven billion
dollars eleven billion unbelievable
that's crazy yeah it is good now you
told me on Rage here an amazing story
about one performance and what happened
after it share that with us yes so I
came the third and all my races and one
of the races before it I said - will you
let the media know for the next day how
you think you're feeling your condition
how you going I said you're not feeling
great for tomorrow's race I think I'll
be much better
you know I'm expecting to be better than
third so they all you know put the bits
down on me and then you know I came
first and so that wasn't my best race
and so you know and going round
afterwards and that they're banging on
the fence I can't figure out what
they're saying so come back and so the
translator they're shouting this
particle this particle and I'm going
what is it she said this pettersen death
seriously though yeah yeah serious stuff
isn't it here's the build-up to the
races is that take very seriously - yeah
well with all this money on a winner
yeah we've got like bow as you see here
before it's like protocols we have to
stick to and luckily they put us
international riders in the middle of a
field so we just follow the girls around
us yeah which is good tell us about the
lockdown because of the beating the
lockdown and how they Institute that
yeah so we've gone to lockdown a day
before racing no phones no no no contact
with anybody
no no computers no and I think so pretty
much take your Sudokus in and get stuck
in to be yes so just no contact making
sure that we can't fix racing and yeah
so mum and dad bring you from home they
can't get through no no nothing we hand
them in sir yeah that's it they must
have had some bad experiences in the
past their master night yeah well we
were being the Australian girl were
thinking that they probably had some
sort of setup so that they can tell if
any messages are going in and out
even like if visitors come in for the
day they can't burn in their phone and
they have to hand it in so these are the
guys that they need to help them out
with you sure see they've got it we wrap
because there is so much money involved
so much yeah it's crazy
now what about the men is even more
money when they're involved yeah yeah
and that so there's more bits on the men
than women because the women's race is
just coming and July 2012
so that Simon been back home from New
Zealand he's been racing over there for
for your while now and he's actually
currently over there at the moment a
very strong rider and very well liked by
the fans over there so it's cool to say
that I knew him from New Zealand but he
does very well six months at a time yeah
it's very aggressive and but they're
allowed to sort of box each other out as
you saw in that race a lot of crashes is
he making big money up there I'm not
sure about Simon or how he goes we don't
really discuss it but a few the most
highest money earner from last year and
the Japan means Karen was three and a
half a million dollars New Zealand Wow
so yeah he won the big Grand Prix from
the season and that's one and a half
million well was three and a half
million at state you can understand what
happens here it gets really aggressive
doesn't yeah and you see this kind of
racing card often and that's on concrete
too so that's yeah I'm not keen on that
no but they wear lots of armor
underneath you'll see us with the big
helmets and the underneath so that like
we can you know but because for the
image the elbow going in there yeah so
that's their job so if they crash that's
no money for the next month so that's
why they wear armor they wear very big
padding you can see on the shoulders and
stuff so that that protects them and
crash situations would you be going back
for this I'm not sure yet hopefully I
get another invite there but I haven't
had any confirmation I suppose they need
to look at the bits and what they got
learnt from us and so on it's wonderful
to have you here you're making such
great progress the very best of luck
with the rest of the season thank you
very much